Added upgrade warning for users about taxonomy settings options (#1266)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/1.20/1.2_release_notes.md

them can be set directly in `settings.yaml` or via the installer.
* Access to `@host.params['param_name']` in templates, which has been deprecated several versions ago, has been removed. Templates can access host parameters using the `host_param('param_name')` macro instead.
* Operating System `pxe_files`, `pxe_prefix`, `kernel`, `initrd`, `bootfile`, `boot_files_uri`  methods now expect a Medium Provider as their first argument. Please update any templates accordingly. See the [redmine issue](https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/19389) and [associated changes](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman/commit/ef1bbc264acfe0864bd24e7ce54e6b37dcda37ad) for further details.

> * The audit history doesn't display correctly if disabled locations and organizations options in your settings.yaml. These options are now deprecated, see [the redmine issue](https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/24800) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The audit history doesn't display correctly if locations or organizations have been disabled in your settings.yaml. These options are now deprecated, see [the redmine issue](https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/24800) for more details.
```
